# TSC Meeting July 9, 2019 @12PM MST.
  - Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/828914272
## Agenda / Notes
  - Action items completed between last meeting and this meeting
    - Migrate the TSC repo to the PlanterySoftware org (Jay)
    - Start making the governance documents generic (all)
    - Review the current governance documents (all)
    - Document the current state of PlanetaryPy
    - Get Michael's bubble chart (Michael)
    - Write a few sentence TLDR (Jesse)
    - Create a google calendar for meetings and post a link (Ross)
    - Create a github status badge for using TSC governance documents
  - Elevator Pitch - Review and Ratify (This is the TLDR)
  - Governance Docs - Review and Ratify
  - Example stewardship and guidance relationships
  - Setup ISIS Steering Committee
  - PlaneterayPy
    - Setup PlanetaryPy Steering Committee
    - Status of write rights for GitHub PlanetaryPy organization?
  - Example case where TSC could be of help? Or could it?
    - I honestly am not sure, but would like to be helpful here and would like to understand if we can be
    - It's about a NASA<->Software package copyright issue.
    - I thought NASA pushes OpenSource/OpenAccess, but it doesn't sound like it here:
    - https://github.com/scipy-conference/scipy_proceedings/pull/474#issuecomment-506761406
### Attending
  - Jesse
  - Jay
  - Michael
  - Ross
  - Andrew
  - Victor

### Notes
  - Action items from last time
    - Lots of things have been updated
    - Code of Conduct still points to ASC
      - Copy over Node JS and then check SpiceyPy code of conduct
    - Base Policies directory needs to documents
    - PlanetaryPy
      - Nothing happened
      - Wasn't assigned to anyone
    - Michael's bubble chart
      - Where should it go
    - Mission statement
      - Could add more about mentorship/guidance
      - Focuses a lot on rules and guidelines
      - Wording will be updated by the next meeting
    - Meeting calendar
      - Done
      - Ross will continue to manually add new people with write permissions
    - Github badge
      - Andrew made some good badges
      - Ross is thinking about a logo for Planetary Software
      - Need to add badge to the documentation about joining Planetary Software
        - Probably [Project-Lifecycle.md]
  - Elevator Pitch - Review and Ratify (This is the TLDR)
    - Approve the PR to vote on it
    - Once all approve, merge the PR
    - Ratify at the next meeting
  - Example relationships
    - Maybe use the ISIS steering committee as an example
    - Still need an example of a group that wants minimal assistance
      - Wants a less hands-on relationship
  - ISIS Steering Committee
    - Who is interested?
      - Jesse
      - Jay
      - Ross
      - Victor
      - Michael
    - What about when ISIS is modularized
      - Apply as a WG and define the scope carefully
    - Do you setup a steering committee before applying or after applying?
      - Before you apply, you need a technical committee
    - There is only one Technical Steering Committee (TSC), the planetary software TSC
      - Projects and WGs have a Technical Committee (TC)
    - Open a draft application on the ISIS repo (Jay)
  - PlanetaryPy
    - PlanetaryPy needs to decide on a TC
    - Who has commit rights?
      - Andrew
      - Michale would like them
      - Perry?
    - PlanetaryPy is kind of defunct right now
      - Someone needs to get a group together to write an application
      - Michael is interested in doing this
        - Where to start?
        - Write an [application](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/blob/master/Applications/Template.md)
    - What does PlanetaryPy want?
  - NASA and copyright
    - There was a problem with the SciPy conference and the copyright for an article
    - There is a general concern about copyright in the community
      - This is a great thing to organize a working group for
      - Ross is interested in

## Discussions for next meeting
  -

## Action Items
  -
