# TSC Meeting 2019 August 9 @12PM MST.
  - Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/407075289
### Attending
 - @rbeyer, @jlaura, @victoronline, @jessemapel, @michaelaye

## Agenda / Notes
  - Elevator Pitch, [#17](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/17)
    - What level of 'approval' do we really need for something?  The PR has 3/6 reviewers approving.  How do we decide how many reviewers are required?  Do we need unanimity, or just majority of approvers?
      - It was agreed that the submitter of the PR was responsible for making changes to the PR.  Any changes to the PR can be suggested by others in the thread, but changes to the PR should be made by the PR author.
      - It was agreed that in order to merge a PR, it had to satisfy these two conditions: have been open for 24h, and have two approvals.
      - Exceptions to the above are minor typo fixes or cosmetic changes that don't alter the meaning of a document.  Those edits can be made to a PR or directly committed.
    - Some folks in that thread suggested text changes in comments rather than making edits to the PR, why?
      - Answer is that they were already following the conduct that we agreed to.
  - Governance Docs need all kinds of work: [#18](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/18), [#27](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/27)
    - What's the way forward?
      - It was agreed that there is nothing 'magical' about these documents, and no one has any particular expertise, so we should feel free to modify as makes sense.
      - Asignees were made.
  - Project e-mails issue: [#26](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/26)
    - @jlaura assigned to resolve.
  - Status of ISIS Technical Committee
    - Will be applying as a TLP
    - Initial information is accumulating in the ISIS repo ([their issue 3367](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/issues/3367)).
  - Status of PlaneterayPy Technical Committee
    - @michaelaye is on track to reach out to current stakeholders and begin process to apply as a TLP.
  - Software Lifecycles under PDART. Can the TSC support NASA in some way? 
    - Good discussion, action items noted.

## Discussions expected at next meeting
  - @victoronline will give us some feedback from his presentation to the LROC group about the TSC.

## Action Items
  - @jlaura will invite Sarah to a TSC call
  - @jlaura will start an Issue for us to discuss Software Lifecycle issues under PDART.
