# TSC Meeting 2019 September 3 @12PM MST.
- Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/776527796
### Attending
- @victoronline
- @michaelaye
- @rbery
- @sgstapleton
- @jessemapel

## Agenda / Notes
- @jlaura, was Sarah invited to a TSC call? - No (I, @jlaura, can't be on the call so comments inline). @jlaura, start Issue for us to discuss Software Lifecycle issues under PDART? - Still need to do this.
  - Jay will talk directly to Sarah in the next few weeks.
  - Update expected next meeting
- @victoronline will give us some feedback from his presentation to the LROC group about the TSC.
  - Concerned about ownership of software. If someone asks the TSC for help, how do they guarantee they retain ownership?
    - The TSC does not take ownership
    - If the project wants stewardship, the TSC establishes a Technical Committee that takes ownership
    - What if the TSC cannot find people for the Technical Committee?
    - The application will not be accepted until this happens
  - We didn't talk enough about what the Planetary Software TSC actually does at the Planetary Data Workshop
    - This pushed us to improve some things
    - We should try and talk about this at a conference
    - Where? PSIDA is a good option. LPSC may be a good option. EPSC/DPS is too soon. AGU is very strict about submissions.
    - LPSC makes it easy for people to submit this and their personal work. Can even submit an abstract without attending.
  - LROC is a good external audience for us to iterate with
    - Maybe follow up meeting when ASC staff goes to LROC at end of September
- Where are we at on our Base Policies Migration [#18](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/18) issue?
  - @jessemapel & @jlaura have made minor updates
  - Still needs people to do a final pass
  - Make changes as needed
  - Have issue closed by next meeting
  - BasePolicies is a confusing name because these are not actually the TSC's policies.
  - We should change the directory name to indicate these are purely for bootstrap governance in new Technical Committees
  - Add a note to the README that all TSC documents are in the top level of this repo
- Discuss Emphasizing collaboration [#39](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/39)
  - Motivation section could help clarify thinks
  - Provide some simple examples of how TSC can help a project
    - Need both advisory and stewardship examples
    - Once ISIS and PlaneterayPy gets through, they are good candidates for this
  - This is something we're going to have to be continually aware of
  - The TSC is the "motivator" to help people create better software
- Discuss Aligning our naming of documents and folders [#40](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/40)
  - We want to be consistent
  - Which style are we using?
  - Upper Camel Case w/ Dashes:
  - CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md -> Code-Of-Conduct.md
  - TSC-Chart.md -> TSC-Charter.md
  - ModerationPolicy.md -> Moderation-Policy.md
  - How to make these changes?
  - These are cosmetic file changes. PR w/ one approval.
  - #46 is good pending not allowing direct commits to the repo
- Status of ISIS Technical Committee
  - Application up
  - Application contents are not clearly specified
  - After starting the ISIS and PlanetaryPy applications we will have a better idea of this
  - When do we write the governance documents for the ISIS TC?
    - Once the application PR is merged
  - Is this in the template? Is the governance heading for current governance or future governance.
  - Does the TSC need to accept the application for the TC to start?
    - No. The TC can exist as an independent entity, but it needs to be accepted by the TSC to become an official Planetary Software project.
    - For example PlanetaryPy could form their own government outside of the TSC
    - Schedule a meeting outside of the TSC meeting for the ISIS TC
  - How do we decide this application is acceptable?
    - What makes an application valid?
    - Must be discussed and voted on at a TSC meeting
    - Update README PR with this
- Status of PlanetaryPy Technical Committee
  - @michaelaye has a draft contact e-mail to the authors of the tools in PlanetaryPy
  - Concerns about people may think we're taking things away from them
  - We want to be help by sharing the burden of worrying about certain things
  - Do we need everyone immediately on board?
  - Four people is enough to start doing things
  - Can write the TC to allow people to retain things like commit rights if they want to
  - More coming next month
- Next meeting October 8th 12pm MST
  - Watch out for daylight savings time!

## Discussions expected at next meeting
- How can we improve the application process
- ISIS application
- PDARTs and Sarah

## Action Items
- Update documentation about project lifecycle to clarify ownership and stewardship/advisement. Docs need more "feel good" language.
- Think about submitting something at LPSC and PSIDA
- @rbeyer, @michaelaye, and @victoronline to do a final review on [#18](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/18)
- @jessemapel and @victoronline write simple stories about how the TSC can help
- @michaelaye and @rbeyer working on the PlanetaryPy application. Doesn't need to be submitted
- @michaelaye Will update filenames
- Propose a new name for the BasePolicies directory & update README
- @jessemapel will schedule an ISIS TC meeting sometime in the next month (Not actually a TSC action)
- @sgstapleton will update the README with the application acceptance criteria
